ReadAdda
	
What is it?
	ReadAdda is a place where you can read/write stories. So what's story? Story is anything that is in your mind but should be on paper and needs to be shared or any article or piece of information you want to share.
	
Sounds like blog, whats different?
	Connection. Connect with like minded. Accept and share connection request. Like, dislike, comment and discuss on story. Digital group discussion!!!
	
Still its like blog
	Okay! The goal here is to encourage you to read, write and express yourself. By providing a minimalistic and simple yet coherent and cohesive platform. Quick response time, less navigation, less routes. No unnecessary complex features.
	
Round 1 (Version 1.0)
	Four pages, 1) Read board (Main) 2) Story board 3) Write board 4) Login/Registration
	And Cards (small dialogs boxes) 
	
	Read Board
		List of stories with Title, Story short description, date created, last edited date, creator, editor, no. of reads, no. of likes, no. of dislikes, no. of comments, overall rating.
		Links
			Creator (Creator Info card with follow, connect request options)
			Editor (Editor Info card with follow, connect request options)
			Like (Thumb up icon vote up if logged in user else ask for registration)
			DisLike (Thumb up icon vote down if logged in user else ask for registration)
			No of comments (Scrollable comment list card with write option at bottom if logged in user else ask for registration)
			
	Story Board
		Expanded selected story from Read Board with complete story and everything mentioned in listed view.
		Options to edit if current user is author or editor with rights. Edit opens currently story in Write Board
		Options to share current story on various platforms (gmail, facebook, twiter link, whatsapp link etc) if logged in user is author or editor with rights
		
	Write Board
		WYIWYG editor to add title, content and search tags.
		Publish and cancel button. Click publish opens publish Card (Option to privately publish, publicly publish, restricted publish for selected users from connection)
		
	Login/Registration
		Usual login or registration page. Register with email verification.
			Registration fields
				email, password, confirm password, dob, phone number (optional)
				
	
	Features:
		Read Board:
			